project-2-html-content-page-1
=============================

<!doctype HTML>
<html>
<head>
	<title>project 2 content page</title>
</head>
<h1>Steve Wozniak</h1>
<body>
                  <p> The intended audiences of this website are people who want to know more about the history of apple computers and people with strong interests in the history of computing. This website will educate people about the many things that Wozniak
has done for Apple Inc. and the personal computer industry. Steve Wozniak is an American inventor and computer programmer who played a major role in the development of the first apple computers.
Steve Wozniak met Steve Jobs through Jobs friend Bill Fernandez. At the
time Fernandez and Jobs were still in high school and Wozniak withdrew
from the University of California, Berkley and began working at Hewlett
Packard (HP). On June 29, 1975 Wozniak tested his first working
prototype and it was basically characters that were displayed on a TV
screen that was generated by a computer. This was the first time in
history that a cmputer could do these functions. Then in 1976 Wozniak
built the Apple 1, he designed the hardware, circuit board designs, and
an operating system for the Apple 1. Jobs then had the idea to sell the
Apple 1 as a printed circuit board and together Wozniak and Jobs sold
some of their personal items such as Jobs Volkswagen van and Wozniaks
HP scientific calculator to start their first company in Jobs bedroom
to assemble the boards and later they moved to Jobs garage when they
ran out of room.</p> 
<p>	Wozniak was first skeptical to the idea but it turned
out to be the best for both of them in the long run. On April 1, 1976
Wozniak and Jobs formed Apple Computers, Wozniak left his job at HP,
and Wozniak became vice president and in charge of research at Apple
Computers. The Apple 1 that Wozniak built was similar to the Altair 8800
except the Apple 1 had no expansion cards. The Apple 1
contained a $25 microprocessor on a single circuit board with
256 bytes of ROM, 4K or 8K bytes of RAM, and a 40-character by
24-row display controller. The user had to provide to the Apple
1 a case, keyboard, and display. Then Wozniak sold the Apple 1
for $666.66 to Paul Terrell who bought 50 system boards and
with the success of Apple 1 Wozniak designed the Apple 2 which
was the first personal computer that had the ability to display
graphics and had BASIC programming language built in. Then in
February 6, 1987 after 12 years with the company Wozniak ended
his full-time employment. He still received a salary of
$120,000 after he left with apple and remained a shareholder
until Jobs death on October 2011.</p>
</body>
</html>
